README.md, before:

# Mo2MenV Fortnite Save The World Mod Menu

Welcome to **Mo2MenV**.

## Presentation:

**Mo2MenV** is a Mod Menu for Fortnite: Save the World. It allows you to launch custom missions with mythic bosses at 1 HP, have all mythic weapons, obtain brightcore, sunbeam, and more. It also enables you to customize and mod weapons (Rarity, Level up to 250, Up to 5 elements...).

![Illustration Image](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1144253896915689534/1157271473333997691/64300cec-0040-4a5d-a650-c088c9ba30d4.jpg?ex=6518008c&is=6516af0c&hm=9a4554595fd52123d9c13663ea1ba70779e9962175071516e0d39833f646e8e8&)

## Installation (English):

To get started, create a folder on your desktop named "Mo2MenV".
1. Go to **Windows Defender**.
2. Navigate to "Virus & Threat Protection".
3. Click on "Virus & Threat Protection Settings".
4. Select "Add or Remove Exclusions".
5. Click on "Add an Exclusion".
6. Choose the created folder.
7. Download the Release .exe file into the Mo2MenV folder.

The installation tutorial is also available on YouTube: [Watch Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dosTU8eMDCY)

## Installation (Français):

Pour commencer, créez un dossier sur votre bureau nommé "Mo2MenV".
1. Allez dans **Windows Defender**.
2. Accédez à "Protection contre les virus et les menaces".
3. Cliquez sur "Paramètres de protection contre les virus et les menaces".
4. Allez dans "Ajouter ou supprimer des exclusions".
5. Cliquez sur "Ajouter une exclusion".
6. Choisissez le dossier que vous avez créé.
7. Téléchargez le fichier .exe dans Release dans le dossier créé auparavant.

Le tutoriel d'installation est également disponible sur YouTube : [Regarder le tutoriel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dosTU8eMDCY)

## Download and Usage:

Run the **Mo2MenV.exe** file in the Mo2MenV folder.

## Languages:

Mo2MenV Is disponible in english and in french, it automatically detects the language.

Enjoy the features of **Mo2MenV**!

![Demo Image 1](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1128290930370289785/1157409256484651129/image.png?ex=651880de&is=65172f5e&hm=f2112fd85af11e6fd02ec5ec62417eb2fca99d756ae0431ac3e850d08b1a0c67&)
![Demo Image 2](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1128290930370289785/1157409486626107452/image.png?ex=65188115&is=65172f95&hm=ec9488f5bd5dda70d1c7c78abedbdf1601ef25bf0e3c8fd1f48b2431ff874885&)
![Demo Image 3](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1128290930370289785/1157409668977668126/image.png?ex=65188140&is=65172fc0&hm=a225ba2097d48ee235f2e2ebf2b06759a28058ea020136fddb670d4e0fc0a744&)
![Demo Image 4](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1128290930370289785/1157409349778542662/image.png?ex=651880f4&is=65172f74&hm=8f16922831430f604b7c1bb2fc4513ace43eea565c7bc628216ed9c4a23d4cc3&)

Commit message:

Adding the support of Setup.cmd

README.md, after:

# Mo2MenV Fortnite Save The World Mod Menu

Welcome to **Mo2MenV**.

## Presentation:

**Mo2MenV** is a Mod Menu for Fortnite: Save the World. It allows you to launch custom missions with mythic bosses at 1 HP, have all mythic weapons, obtain brightcore, sunbeam, and more. It also enables you to customize and mod weapons (Rarity, Level up to 250, Up to 5 elements...).

![Illustration Image](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1144253896915689534/1157271473333997691/64300cec-0040-4a5d-a650-c088c9ba30d4.jpg?ex=6518008c&is=6516af0c&hm=9a4554595fd52123d9c13663ea1ba70779e9962175071516e0d39833f646e8e8&)

## Installation (English):

To get started, go to Release and download **setup.cmd**.
1. Run it as Administrator.
2. Download the Release .exe file into the Mo2MenV folder in the desktop.

The installation tutorial is also available on YouTube: [Watch Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dosTU8eMDCY)

## Installation (Français):

Pour commencer, allez sur Release et téléchargez **setup.cmd**.
1. Executez le en tant qu'administrateur.
2. Téléchargez le fichier .exe dans Release dans le dossier Mo2MenV sur le bureau.

Le tutoriel d'installation est également disponible sur YouTube : [Regarder le tutoriel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dosTU8eMDCY)

## Download and Usage:

Run the **Mo2MenV.exe** file in the Mo2MenV folder.

## Languages:

Mo2MenV Is disponible in english and in french, it automatically detects the language.

Enjoy the features of **Mo2MenV**!

![Demo Image 1](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1128290930370289785/1157409256484651129/image.png?ex=651880de&is=65172f5e&hm=f2112fd85af11e6fd02ec5ec62417eb2fca99d756ae0431ac3e850d08b1a0c67&)
![Demo Image 2](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1128290930370289785/1157409486626107452/image.png?ex=65188115&is=65172f95&hm=ec9488f5bd5dda70d1c7c78abedbdf1601ef25bf0e3c8fd1f48b2431ff874885&)
![Demo Image 3](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1128290930370289785/1157409668977668126/image.png?ex=65188140&is=65172fc0&hm=a225ba2097d48ee235f2e2ebf2b06759a28058ea020136fddb670d4e0fc0a744&)
![Demo Image 4](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1128290930370289785/1157409349778542662/image.png?ex=651880f4&is=65172f74&hm=8f16922831430f604b7c1bb2fc4513ace43eea565c7bc628216ed9c4a23d4cc3&)
